Contributor License Agreement  
Last Updated: 2024-September-15

1. Introduction

This Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into between Sidub 
Inc. ("Company," "we," "our," or "us") and the individual or entity 
("Contributor," "you," or "your") who wishes to contribute to our software 
projects ("Projects"). By submitting any Contributions (as defined below), you 
agree to the terms of this Agreement.

2. Definitions

- "Contribution" means any original work of authorship, including any 
  modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally 
  submitted by you to Sidub Inc. for inclusion in any of the Projects. 
  "Submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication 
  sent to Sidub Inc. or its representatives, including but not limited to source 
  code, documentation, or any other materials.

- "Projects" means any open-source or proprietary software projects owned or 
  managed by Sidub Inc.

- "AGPLv3" refers to the GNU Affero General Public License version 3.

- "PSLA" refers to Sidub Inc.'s Proprietary Software License Agreement.

3. Grant of Rights

3.1. Copyright License  
You hereby grant to Sidub Inc. a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, 
royalty-free, irrevocable license under all your intellectual property rights to 
use, reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly 
perform, sublicense, and distribute your Contributions and such derivative 
works. This license allows Sidub Inc. to release your Contributions under both 
the AGPLv3 and the PSLA, or any other licenses.

3.2. Patent License  
You grant to Sidub Inc. a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, 
irrevocable license under any patent claims licensable by you that are 
necessarily infringed by your Contributions or by the combination of your 
Contributions with the Projects, to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, 
import, and otherwise transfer the Contributions and the Projects.

4. Representations and Warranties

You represent and warrant that:

- 4.1. Original Work  
  Each of your Contributions is an original work and you have the right to grant 
  the licenses set forth in this Agreement.

- 4.2. Third-Party Content  
  If your Contribution includes or is based on any third-party code or 
  materials, you have obtained all necessary permissions or licenses to include 
  such code or materials and to grant Sidub Inc. the rights granted herein.

- 4.3. No Conflicts  
  Your Contributions and the licenses granted herein do not conflict with any 
  other agreement to which you are a party.

- 4.4. Compliance with Laws  
  Your Contributions do not violate any applicable laws or regulations.

- 4.5. No Confidential Information  
  Your Contributions do not contain any confidential or proprietary information 
  of any third party.

5. Moral Rights

To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you waive and agree not to 
assert any moral rights you may have in your Contributions against Sidub Inc. or 
its sublicensees.

6. No Obligation to Use

You understand that the decision to include your Contributions in any Project is 
entirely at the discretion of Sidub Inc., and this Agreement does not obligate 
Sidub Inc. to use or distribute your Contributions.

7. Acknowledgment of Licensing Model

You acknowledge that Sidub Inc. operates under a dual licensing model, offering 
the Projects under both the AGPLv3 and the PSLA. By agreeing to this Agreement, 
you permit Sidub Inc. to release your Contributions under either or both of 
these licenses.

8. Disclaimer of Warranties

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, your Contributions are 
provided on an "AS IS" basis, without any warranties or conditions, express or 
implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for 
a particular purpose, and non-infringement.

9. Limitation of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall you be 
liable to Sidub Inc. or any other party for any indirect, incidental, special, 
consequential, or punitive damages arising out of this Agreement or the use of 
your Contributions.

10. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Sidub Inc., its affiliates, officers, 
directors, employees, and agents from any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, 
costs, and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) arising out of your breach 
of any representation or warranty in this Agreement.

11. Termination

This Agreement shall continue until terminated. Either party may terminate this 
Agreement upon 30 days' written notice to the other party. Upon termination, the 
licenses granted to Sidub Inc. and any sublicenses previously granted by Sidub 
Inc. shall survive.

12. Governing Law

This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without 
regard to conflict of law principles.

13. Severability

If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, such 
provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the remaining 
provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

14. Entire Agreement

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Sidub Inc. 
regarding your Contributions and supersedes all prior agreements or 
understandings, whether oral or written.

15. Amendment

Any amendment or modification to this Agreement must be made in writing and 
signed by both parties.

16. Assignment

You may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under this Agreement 
without the prior written consent of Sidub Inc. Any attempted assignment without 
such consent will be null and void.

17. Notices

All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed duly given when 
delivered personally, sent by email with confirmation, or sent by recognized 
courier service to the following:

- Email: inquiries@sidub.net  
- Phone: 1-226-666-2111

18. No Waiver

Failure by Sidub Inc. to enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall 
not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

19. Governing Language

This Agreement is written in English. Any translations are provided for 
convenience, and the English version shall prevail in case of discrepancies.

20. Acknowledgment

By submitting a Contribution to Sidub Inc., you acknowledge that you have read, 
understood, and agree to be bound by this Agreement.

21. Contact Information

If you have any questions regarding this Agreement, please contact us at:

- Email: inquiries@sidub.net  
- Phone: 1-226-666-2111
