Sidub Platform - Localization
Copyright (C) 2024 Sidub Solutions 
All rights reserved.

The localization package is part of the Sidub Platform. The terms of license
set forth are shared among all components of the Sidub Platform.

This software is dual-licensed, offering users the choice between the Affero
General Public License (AGPL) version 3 for open-source use, and a proprietary
license for commercial use.

OPEN SOURCE LICENSE:

The open-source version of Sidub Platform is licensed under the Affero General
Public License (AGPL) version 3. You may use, distribute, and modify the
software under the terms of the AGPL version 3. The full text of the AGPL
version 3 is not included in this package but is available at:
https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html

By utilizing the Sidub Platform under the AGPL, you agree to comply with all
the terms and conditions of the AGPL version 3. If you do not accept these
terms, you are not permitted to use, modify, or distribute the software under
this license.

COMMERCIAL LICENSE:

For commercial use, the Sidub Platform is available under a proprietary license
that does not include warranties, support, or indemnification for damages.
However, support plans and professional services are available for purchase
separately. The proprietary license is offered on a subscription basis which
includes ongoing updates to the software.

For inquiries about obtaining a proprietary license for the Sidub Platform,
please visit https://sidub.ca/licensing or contact licensing@sidub.net.

CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE AGREEMENT (CLA):

Contributions to the Sidub Platform by third parties are welcome. However,
before any contribution can be incorporated into the official project,
contributors are required to sign a Contributor License Agreement (CLA),
granting Sidub Solutions the rights to use, modify, and distribute their
contributions under both the AGPL and the proprietary licenses.

Signed CLAs must be submitted via: https://sidub.ca/contribution

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION:

This software and its licensing are governed by the laws of Ontario, Canada.
Any disputes related to the use or distribution of this software will be
resolved in the courts of Ontario, Canada, and you consent to the jurisdiction
of and venue in such courts.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SIDUB SOLUTIONS, ITS
AUTHORS, OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

WARRANTY DISCLAIMER:

THE SIDUB PLATFORM IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED. SIDUB SOLUTIONS OFFERS NO WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
NONINFRINGEMENT.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT:

This LICENSE.txt, along with any other agreements or terms provided with the
software, constitutes the entire agreement between you and Sidub Solutions
regarding the use of the Sidub Platform. It supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, or agreements between you and Sidub
Solutions about the software.
